[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> There is a question that
everybody needs to answer
at some point in
his or her life.
What can I do to be a
healthy human being?
There are now billions of
answers on the internet.
I think there should
be a sign that
reads like a famous
fast food chain,
billions and billions sold.
And what are the current
mainstream establishment
selling?
They are selling you
only a surface knowledge.
To really understand
our human health,
we need to understand energy.
All efforts in human
health, well-being,
unconsciousness have
energy at their base.
Energy transfer and
various forms and practices
around the world is now
referred to as energy medicine.
My name is Randy Veitenherimer.
I have devoted about 40
years in the study and skills
of energy medicine.
I've worked with over 25,000
clients all over the world.
And most importantly, my
methods of energy medicine
are different than most.
I have had teachers
such as physicists,
kung fu masters,
Qigong instructors,
as well as shamans
and medicine men.
To be truly healthy, we
should be healthy physically,
mentally, emotionally,
spiritually, psychically,
and ultimately, energetically.
So how do we do that?
I feel it's important to share
with people what the energy
crisis is in the human
body, and how important it
is for changing your perspective
on yourself and the world.
Let's go deeper.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Life is defined by
saying you have energy,
or you do not have energy.
And energy is taken away
from you from your thoughts
and your feelings,
your connection
to others, your environment,
and pretty much everything.
So the crisis occurs
in slow motion
over the course of
your life because you
are unaware of your inability
to hold an energetic charge
or maintain the flow of the
life force through your body.
So this is how the life
force escapes from your body.
The idea would be to
establish how much you have.
An ideal energy state would be
a human that is two years old.
They have a lot of energy.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The calibration is based on
how much energy I've lost
from the age of two years old.
So this is done through
kinesiological testing.
And when they calibrate it,
they call it muscle testing.
Some kung fu masters
and masters of energy
use the energy field itself.
And they can test
how much energy
you have based on what is
present in that person's energy
field.
So let's say a patient
has 31% percent
of their optimal energy.
This patient is around late 30s.
How did they get this way?
Let's figure out what
takes 69% of their energy.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So a kinesiologist
or energy master
might break it down like this.
About 20% of the loss is based
on close family relationships
that are draining you.
Think about your relationships
with your mom, your dad,
your brother, your sister.
These are first
level relationships
as far as energy
flow is concerned.
It represents a
DNA connection that
facilitates energy flowing from
you to your parents and vice
versa.
The next level would be
say, sexual relationships
because of the
extent of the energy
that flows during
these activities.
When we have a
sexual relationship,
we open up a channel
similar to the one
of a connection with
our parents in that
there's an open and
free flow of energy
back and forth, even
with a past partner
unless you have taken measures
to try to either break or block
those relationships.
Most people try to block them.
That drains energy also.
So we really don't
want to block them
so much as we want to
change the energy that flows
from us to them and them to us.
Just because you
break up with a person
doesn't mean there's still not
an information and energy flow.
And we can experience that
throughout our entire life.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
If we move on, about
18% in this example
is from a declining
health state,
entropy that is draining
the body of energy
because it's become
less efficient.
So the 31% optimal energy left
leaves this patient at 28 volts
to start their day.
According to some
Chinese practices,
you're supposed to have
about 36 volts of energy
when you wake up.
Ideally, you would recharge
your battery during the night
and wake up with this
amount of voltage.
And through the
process of that day,
you would lose energy until
you went to bed that night,
when you would
recharge your voltage.
With this patient's
example, this person
started the day
at 28 volts, which
is on the level of depression.
And by the time they get
halfway through the day,
it has gone down significantly.
And what that means is the
entire functions of the body
are being short changed
because of the lack of energy.
You can have zero energy
but still function,
just not as efficiently
or significantly
as if you are fully charged.
But if some of these areas are
reset to optimize energy flow,
then the others that are
negatives that drain you
would decrease.
So for instance, the
18% health decline
would be improved
by an energy master
or certain energetic practices.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Before I explain how to
create more optimal energy,
let's get into what
is the difference
between bioelectrical
and electrical energy.
Electricity flows through
our machines and is manmade.
But what flows through
animals, plants, and humans
is organically produced and
has a different signature.
This signature is the life
force that tops quantum physics.
Plugging you into a
light socket doesn't
work because you can't consume
that form of electrical energy.
Beyond the body itself though,
we acquire and consume energy
through our energy field.
The energy field consumes energy
off of other energy fields
into center active.
If you think about this,
being around people
that are negative, and
you consume their energy,
you have basically influenced
your own energy state.
And if you're around positive
people, the same thing occurs.
And this brings up a
good point, that you
don't have relationships
with people,
you have an energy exchange.
And the level of consciousness
in the energy exchange
determines whether you
consume energy or produce it,
whether you take or
whether you give.
Each human has a resonant
energy exchange with the Earth.
This is called a Von
Schumann resonance.
The Schumann
resonances are a set
of spectrum peaks in they
extremely low frequency portion
of the Earth's electromagnetic
field spectrum.
Schumann are or global
electromagnetic resonances.
These are generated by
lightning discharges
and other electromagnetic
phenomena.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Humans have a global
electromagnetic resonance also,
and it's called the
collective consciousness.
So you are in a frequency
you resonate exchange.
You exchange energy with
the chair you're sitting on,
with the room you're
in, with the office you
work at, and basically
people, places, and things.
You exchange energy
freely until you
come to the table with filters.
Filters say something
like, I am married.
I have a certain job.
I am, I am, I am.
Sp when these
filters are put up,
you modulate your energy
to or from other people,
other places, other things.
Most people don't know
what their filters are.
And this affects their
ability to perceive, receive,
and generate energy.
So if we go back to
our original patient,
because of her life
experiences, the person
has created blocks
and an obstacle
to optimum health and
well-being because they do not
have knowledge of
how this works inside
and outside of their body.
And this is what I
call the energy crisis.
The crisis is the outcome of
not knowing the flows of energy
through life.
The lack of knowledge creates
depression, sickness, aging.
So how do we become
more knowledgeable
of our own filters?
First, I tell people that there
are certain activities that
have a higher energetic
component than just exercise.
These could be things like
yoga, qigong, tai chi,
to just name a few.
These activities
are able to help
you get less involved
in depression,
or anxiety, or other low level
of consciousness activities.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Life force is a subtle energy.
We are not aware of our
sympathetic and parasympathetic
energy flows
throughout our body.
And yet, they control our
breathing, heart rate,
digestion, and a whole myriad
of other activities in the body.
That energy flow is, in
some ways, the same thing
as our thoughts or
feelings, things
that go on in our
imagination, our dream states.
These are a form of
subtle body energies
in that they are not
readily perceptive
by the human consciousness.
And this is where I get
into dimensional physics.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Planck scale is a
measurement of size.
Planck scale is the magnitudes
of space, time, energy,
and other units
beyond or below which
the predictions of the standard
model of physics, quantum field
theory, and general relativity
are no longer reconcilable.
At the Planck scale,
current models
are not expected to be a
useful guide to the cosmos.
And physicists no longer have
any scientific model whatsoever
to suggest how the
physical universe behaves.
So the field of physics
itself does a lot
to explain physical reality
down to the smallest part.
But it doesn't
explain life itself.
So if we go to quantum
physics and the 0
to minus 36 Planck
scale, at minus 36
would go out of being
able to measure things.
So what this means is that
there is so much science can't
explain, especially life
force itself, its origins,
its consumption, aspects
of its existence.
But if we add these experience
or layers of information
and what consciousness
itself experiences,
we could explain
everything that is
happening to you inside and out
on all layers of consciousness.
So right now, the normal optimal
voltage is 36 volts, let's say.
And this relates to
the Planck scale,
and also correlates
to the idea of adding
more levels to explore
yourself and express yourself.
We might even refer to these
as spiritual in nature.
So what I am telling you is
that you are experiencing things
that aren't really defined in
science, but that doesn't mean
it's not happening.
And with a knowledge of
awareness and understanding,
you can create more
energy in your life.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So 36 volts is just a metric.
We could use any number
just as a starting point.
But the idea is it gives us a
reference point to start with.
And from there, we could
expand to maybe 40 volts.
We could increase our capacity
to either produce or to hold
onto energy in the
form of voltage
that would be available
for the operation of not
just our physical body,
but actually our energy
field and our consciousness.
When I was first
learning this, we
were taught to expand up
to 40 volts of energy flow.
And then we were taught
to use 100 volts.
And since this was
martial arts, we
increased it to expand to
have 1,000 volts of energy.
These very high energy
states most people
don't experience except in
very extreme circumstances.
Whereas we were taught
and trained to be
able to produce and express
this much energy in our lives.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So what was all this training to
produce 1,000 volts of energy?
We used it in martial arts.
If you're in a life experience
that requires a lot of energy,
such as a fight, you would
need as much as you can get.
The same thing applies
if you have an illness,
or you have circumstances
where energy alone
is what is required
in order for you
to get over, or recover,
or become healthy again.
The training for this
was through kung fu,
through Kundalini yoga, and
through some other practices.
Everybody can benefit from
some of these practices.
Today, tai chi would
probably be the easiest way
to start experiencing what
it means to flow energy
through your body.
That is an active way.
A passive way would be yoga.
So when we look at
those practices,
we are doing things
to increase the energy
content of the human body.
What does that do?
As energy flows up
and down your spine,
it creates an
electromagnetic field.
The bigger the
electromagnetic field,
the more healthy you are.
If you have a large
electromagnetic field that
extends out to, say, a
minimum of nine feet,
then the ability to
be sick becomes less.
It may not disappear,
but the probability
is you will have more resistance
to illness and problems
with your physical body.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The concept of a
big energy body also
explains some other things.
Everybody talks
about consciousness.
Oh, you need to raise
your consciousness.
How do you do that?
If your energetic
state increases,
consciousness increases also.
So when people talk about
raising your consciousness
and ascension, all
these come about
with a bigger energy body.
You do these practices,
and without much attention
on your part, you
develop an energy body.
And you develop an
energy body that
has a greater density, and
therefore a greater capacity
to hold a charge.
So these are some
of the things I
teach where holding that charge
in the face of negativity
in the face of disease
or illness around you
allows you to be
much more healthy,
and definitely much more
successful, because you
have the energy to execute
whatever it is that comes up.
So spirituality
itself, when we look
at the advancement
of our consciousness,
two areas of love
and beyond where
we go into some state
of transcendence
requires a tremendous
amount of energy.
If every day, you are
expending all this energy
in your relationships, in your
experiences with your body,
in your environments, and
a million other things,
these are all things that act
to drain your body of energy.
So obviously, having
a bigger energy body
itself would be an
ideal thing to do
to allow you to go through
life in a more benign manner
with less disruption, less
disease, and less problems.
So you can practice these.
They're not hard.
They're easy ways to start.
It requires you to just go
find out the information.
And remember, there's
millions and billions
of things on the internet.
And it is your job to try to
explore those and find out
what works for you.
I don't like telling
people specific practices,
because everybody is special.
And what works for you may
not work for somebody else.
And it is up to you to find
those which work for you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So all this talk about
energy, you can't see it.
But in the past,
apparently it was
something that was
notable and showed up
in the paintings
of the Renaissance
when you see a halo.
When you see a halo
depicted around a person,
you are seeing a representation
of their energy field.
The first layer of that
energy feel is your etheric.
Your etheric feel is your field
of energy closest to your body.
And if you learn a
practice of being
able to see energy
fields, you will actually
start seeing the
etheric field that
surrounds a person, or
a place, or an object.
Everything that
exists emits photons.
And so when you see that
halo, when you see that energy
field around a baby, you are
seeing a photonic emission
from our cells.
All our cells emit photons.
They emit more photons
when you have more energy.
So you become very
bright, or you look light,
or we use light as an
expression of somebody who
has a elevated consciousness.
And so in all
these, we're talking
about the photonic
interactions that
occur with not only our cells,
but atoms and everything
else that exists.
So photonic relationships,
photonic emissions
really is our experience
of reality to some degree.
It is modulated by
your consciousness.
When we talk about
36 volts as something
that is like a reference
point, a metric to use,
we're actually
talking about neutral.
Meaning below 36 volts, I am
starting to emit less photons.
I'm starting to
restrict or hold back
the amount of energy flowing
to functions and processes
in the body.
If you restrict
the flow of energy
to different parts of your body,
they function less efficiently.
If you increase, something
very interesting happens.
Depression and anxiety
are an increase
of energy flow to those
portions of the brain that
produce the neural chemistry,
the outcome of which we
call depression or anxiety.
Shutting down those
energy flows immediately
stops the anxiety or depression.
I have seen this and done this
with thousands of patients.
So to be neutral is to not
be depressed or anxious.
And it is also to have
a normal flow of energy
through the body.
Anything less than neutral
becomes positive or negative.
As you increase
your energy, this
will open you up to new
experiences with your body
and life.
I am your host,
Randy Veitenheimer.
Stay tuned for the next
episode as we dive deeper
into the meaning of you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]